Refactor system configuration (#1)
lovesegfault/nix-config: README.md

# nix-config ![CI](https://github.com/lovesegfault/nix-config/workflows/CI/badge.svg)

> This repository holds both my NixOS configuration. It is fully reproducible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository holds my NixOS configuration. It is fully reproducible
```

(reflow as needed)

Alternatively (hopefully not putting words in your mouth):
```suggestion
This repository holds both my NixOS and Home Manager configuration. It is fully reproducible
```

> (through [niv]) and position-independent, meaning there is no moving around of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(utilizing [niv]) and position-independent, meaning there is no moving around of
```
Small nit. Sounds better IMHO.

`configuration.nix` (see [switch]).

For the configurations' entry points see the individual [systems], as well as
[default.nix]. For adding users or overlays see [users](#users),
[overlays](#overlays), respectively.

## structure
```
.

> ├── core         # Base-line configurations applicable to all machines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
├── core         # Baseline configurations applicable to all machines
```

Alternatively:
```suggestion
├── core         # [Basic/Minimal] configurations applicable to all machines
```

(choose 1)

> ├── default.nix  # Attr set of all machines plus arch-groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
├── default.nix  # Attr set of all machines, with groups based on architecture
```
Took my brain a few seconds to make the leap from arch -> architecture (btw I use Arch). Minor nitpick, and totally unnecessary, but improves readability IMHO.

```
.
├── core         # Base-line configurations applicable to all machines

> ├── default.nix  # Attr set of all machines, with groups based on architecture

Reviewer: Now that I think about this with a rested mind, it would look better and sound less awkward as:
```suggestion
├── default.nix  # Attr set of all machines, grouped by architecture
```
;)
